Tough gear
Expression angel to strengthen the thing that was taken out in the water
We are aiming for a place where you can feel cool at first glance
Yeah yeah yeah
tjar
me
Use the gt r varnish in Nürburgring to beat how much correspondence it is
It tries to Daseru or challenge
Mistakes to say that Pisces is also just a race car if customers can not buy it
It can not be said that 1 reflection
And that this time everyone is the same car pass if it is possible
Yeah yeah yeah
me
goo
I want to see something new world
At all the usual sound electric vehicles because companies are also attached to this doing in still interesting battle mode
Wrong
wh
There are an unusually large number of downforces compared to today's cars
uh
ni
me
It is said that we will aim for victory again with new feeling just
I would like you to see the real in so I hope to come to the left brain by all means
think
th
No